"get-status-collection"
***********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

This API is used to get the network connectivity status fofor all the
data assets attached to the provided private endpoint.


Usage
=====

   oci data-connectivity network-validation test-network-connectivity get-status-collection [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--endpoint-key [text]

The endpoint key.

--registry-id [text]

The registry OCID.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

Sets the maximum number of results per page, or items to return in a
paginated *List* call. See List Pagination.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The value for this parameter is the *opc-next-
page* or the *opc-prev-page* response header from the previous *List*
call. See List Pagination.

--sort-by [text]

Specifies the field to sort by. Accepts only one field. By default,
when you sort by time fields, results are shown in descending order.
All other fields default to ascending order. Sorting related
parameters are ignored when parameter *query* is present (search
operation and sorting order are by relevance score in descending
order).

Accepted values are:

   displayName, id, timeCreated

--sort-order [text]

Specifies sort order to use, either *ASC* (ascending) or *DESC*
(descending).

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--query", "--raw-output", "--read-timeout",
"--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-info", "--request-
id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-connectivity/registry/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export endpoint_key=<substitute-value-of-endpoint_key> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-connectivity/network-validation/test-network-connectivity/get-status-collection.html#cmdoption-endpoint-key

       registry_id=$(oci data-connectivity registry create --display-name $display_name --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci data-connectivity network-validation test-network-connectivity get-status-collection --endpoint-key $endpoint_key --registry-id $registry_id
